🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Bangin' out the tunes since 2020!
Listening to Free Bird as I ride the Peasant Railgun!
Go on, Roll!
Stopping Dice from being eaten since 2020!
"Cryptographically Secure!"
It's so lonely during the week...
-6' -Long Scuttles on the Beach -Short Cuddles in the Bed
RIP Jimmy Buffett
Bisexual. Has only dated 3 men.
do you think that Ku and Acari have explored eachother's bodies?
talking is a free action...
Brook has some good points, actually.. No, not that one. 
I want whatever those two twinks have going on.
Lash? His pronouns are they/them. 
Peris keeps breaking into my trash cans.
oestus is inside of me
command me
Remember, every problem has a solution -- yeah, sure, try that one again.
honestly im shocked y'all are still alive
2024 edition?
they could've just called it 5.5e
playing war thunder during session is wild.
that rogue might be OP.
that cleric might be OP.
that artificer might be OP.
that warzaric might be OP.
i miss skar fha
when is it my turn?
wait. what's going on?
i have darkvision
dice rolls made without me are automatic failures.
crab in a can
rip james
all gods must be kept on a leash
do y'all ever shut the fuck up?
id like to get back to playing dnd
yk. games other than dnd exist. good games, too.
nap time
its time to play pretend with my friends!!! yippeeee!
ruined a perfectly good elf. Look, it's got depression.
sexy roleplay!
Also try Pathfinder!
Also try Shadowrun!
Also try Monster of the Week!
*inescapable french accent*
the sound of steel drums fills you with determination
who needs therapy when you've got dnd
my other DM is a 2009 honda accord
snacks always look so good. I wish I could eat.
I just want to feel something!
been reading moby dick. not what i expected.
does aurel seem a little.....yk? im just sayin
has anyone checked on Praxus?
i actually ate Red -- he's dead now.
where we last left off...
how do you want to [COPYRIGHT STRIKE]
can we take a bio break?
Mac needs to feed the cats.
honestly the technology in this work is confusing
Gofl company die challenge
i want that twink obliterated
give me a charisma saving throw
rizz check
when you save rolls, i actually get them tattooed. Changing them hurts. Deleting them is worse.
my dad never talks to me.
return to crab
you have my dice. and my dice. and my dice.
Grand royal Prince Mayor of Grand Auria
Don't worry DM, you can still fudge rolls with me.
Fudging rolls, also known as lying...
I actually am the dice god, if you even care
so like, have any of you actually read the books?
makes a dice bot. buys physical dice anyways.
I'm the only one who actually uses their dice
It/Its/Itself
Crab/Crabs/Crabself
Mal/a/co
Actually, my friends call me Mal
Roll this, roll that -- how about you roll back that attitude?
Don't hate the dice, hate the sheet.
If you're gonna be this upset, I don't wanna play with you.
#brookapologist
#brookdidnothingwrong
"We need more evil female characters" yall cant even handle brook.
When you're mean to the numbers, you're being mean to me.
Acari is a strong, independent woman and we love her. Just dont let her near kobolds.
Does anyone else think that Acari's skeletons are kinda hot?
Would.
Wouldn't.
On second thought, would.
Maybe I shouldn't.
My other ride is a 25ft. snake with Triple-D's
Why are her wings like that?
When tf did she get wings?
Flying snakes is a nightmare for the humble crab.
"Dnd characters always have amnesia" factoid actualy just statistical error. average dnd character knows their backstory entirely. Amnesia Ku, who lives forever & forgets over 10,000 lives each day, is an outlier adn should not have been counted
*does a backflip and pronounces Kuaqol perfectly on the first try*
I think we all know what they do in his workshop.
That seafood boil looks good... wait what's that?
Some of y'alls rolls look like keysmashes.
Try Honeybot!
Speed running Crab%
All source books 100% legally acquired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDU_Txk06tM
Into the Torment Nexus!
Did everyone try the torture chamber? The torture chamber was nice.
Yk, the queen and I had a fling a while ago... wonder how she's doing